#Lab6 Prelab<br>
##Pin layout<br>
Sine the TA1 subsystem will be used, the pins P2.0 and P2.1 will be used for the left and right wheels respectively.  The side of the motor that the motor driver chip is hooked up to is not significantly important at the moment, since that can be switched if the direction it turns is not desired.  To allow for backward movement, P1.1 and P1.2 will be hooked up.  This will allow the voltage to be switched between the two terminals to be switched.<br>
##Movement<br>
The forward movement will be done by activating both wheels in the same method.  Both the left and the right turns will be accomplished by calling a turn right/left wheel based on the requirements of the direction.  This will be accomplished by hooking up the pins mentioned previously to the motor driver chip.  Each of the two ports used on the motor driver chip will independently drive a wheel.<br>
##Subsystems<br>
Abstraction is always fun.  For this reason, and the ease of use after creation, I intend to utilize a PWM and GPIO library to allow for ease of conceptualization.  Both should allow adjustable settings depending on the needs of the project.  The initialization for the PWM will be similar to the code used in the class examples, but slightly modified to work with the intended pins.  In order to determine max duty cycle used, I will start at 25% and work up until I get close to 1A at stall current with the robot.  This will prevent the chip from ever being burned out.  For this and the further labs, the clock speed will be increased to allow for faster computation times of the logic needed to make decisions.  By doing the math with increased speed at this point, it will allow the robot to execute code faster when performing for intensive tasks, like solving mazes.<br>
##Hardware<br>
Additional hardware will be needed.  A voltage regulator will be used to prevent the 5V source voltage from burning out the 3.3V MSP430.  A large capacitor will be used to prevent sudden voltage drops resulting form hitting stall current from resetting the MSP430.  A motor driver chip will be used to allow the MSP430 to drive the individual motors with the current required to use them.
